my daughter thinks that she is a white
person I know that I'm white
mom claims her daughter's a racist I'm
not fat which is an African American
thing against her own race Queen black
is so gross and ugly you are saying
disgusting things dad made one perfect
person it's me it's dr. Phil time oh
yeah he's Bank we got a fresh one for
you guys this one just came out a few
days ago and oh boy it's juicy
oh my god oh my you know haven't we
already seen this before
a young girl saying that she's something
yeah she said not in this hotel I knew
it I knew I was a black girl so so I
just I keep saying it I keep telling you
guys 2018 should never have happened
it's just getting worse
okay I hate to see this sort of
discrimination everyone knows that only
white people can hate their own race and
no one else okay how dare she
appropriating our culture like that
disgusting so let's see you know it's
actually real or is his fake
let's watch the video to find out and
see more what she has to say on dr. bill
bill time
it's bill time it's much like if you
enjoyed bill time I know a lot of people
take issue with my beliefs my we're not
in five seconds in I don't see how
anyone can have any problem with that
statement
honestly this discrimination these
people are discriminating let's keep
watching I'm a caucasian because
everything about me is different from an
african-american I can't how do these
people breed I don't understand it's a
virus my hair isn't nappy it doesn't
require weed my nose is not giant is
like African Americans Oh No
welcome to the squad that I have a big
nose but I'm in denial squad my nose is
not giant
it's okay okay we learned to deal with
it one step at a time except that we
don't and we never learn my ears I don't
have black people ears because they're
really giant most african-americans
speak ghetto but when it comes to black
people I think they're all ugly and I
have nothing in common with them I'm
different from African Americans because
I'm white
my figure is just like Kim Kardashian
and she's a wonderful role model okay -
Kim Kardashian is not a fantastic role
model everyone knows that point Peru but
you have no other arguments lady I act
and I think like a white person instead
of a black person's I believe that I'm
completely and utterly better than them
like we're on two different levels like
when as you're speaking like a true
white person wait wait a minute what I
meant was listen what I meant was that
she thinks she's better than everyone
else that's what I meant just to be
clear there my lawyers telling me that
I'm gonna have to edit that one out when
I think about African Americans
I feel like asking them what is wrong
with them that's how everyone sees you
as well okay so we get she's black I
mean white Caucasian cook Asian so what
does she have what evidence does she
have to back up these claims okay cuz I
don't know about you but I'm not 100%
convinced not yet at least you know I'm
I have an open mind I'm a progressive
mind what can I say let's see what yes I
suppose it race I tell her she's just
ignorant there's nothing wrong with my
views or beliefs because I have freedom
of speech and everything I'm saying is
true do you know I am right
[Music]
and everything that everything I say is
true that's right what else do you got
lip tarts you got nothing on me you got
nothing
everything I say is true no you okay
time to sit in the studio with my man my
lord dr. Phil bless his soul and let's
see what she has to say about herself
now would like to clarify the fact that
I am nowhere near delusional I'm
actually very capable in a very
intelligent person so I love this show I
I truly loved them so much as you're
seeing these kid she's 16 oh my god
no what is with these kids how did this
keep happening I don't believe this is
real I really don't believe this being
delusional and being intelligent are not
mutually exclusive well I feel like if
you're being delusional then you've got
to be some type of witch's tit and I'm
not that hey you can't say that well I
have two things to say about that What
did he say what did that guy say someone
who's a like a mimic person you tell me
what he said well I have two things to
say about that ass licker no I have two
things to say about that now I have two
things using that word is very
derogatory so I'd appreciate it if you
wouldn't use that word okay
understand only because I'm a very
respectful person and if you wish that I
don't use that word then I most
definitely won't use it okay appreciate
that no problem when you say that that's
the script for my next apology video
right there my god that was beautiful if
only I knew if only I knew things would
be different things could be so
different this just gets better and
better
I love this okay so we get it but how do
you know okay how do you know that you
are Caucasian cuz everyone else is not
convinced yet
like I said open mind ready to be blowed
you believe yourself to be Caucasian
tell me why you believe that to be true
well I know I'm a Caucasian because when
I wake up in the morning I just have
such a great life and that my hair is so
perfect because I wake up in the morning
I just have such a great life
guys it's much like if you think society
is real smashing like if you believe in
society and I'm not fat also which is
also really African American thing
so like I'm just nowhere near like them
and plus they're so thug and criminal
she says she's just throwing at these
things right she's just keep going all
that saying all these crazy things I'm
not buying it I am not convinced okay
damn dr. Phil just hit her with that
audience hit her with that I roll Dan
that was epic
I don't just think I'm white I know that
I'm white there's no doubt in my mind
you see even though I have told you that
your father was not your father and that
you are actually african-american you
might be lying I don't trust anything
that anyone else says I know that I want
way I'm so confused way what it should
lie about who her father was and that's
how this happened it's just possible
that this is real after all and I look
like a giant if you ask me my 16 year
old daughter has a very out of control
identity crisis I don't you truly
believe she's white Oh dr. Phil editing
they really hit her with that
desaturation didn't they
she truly believes she's white my
daughter is a racist against her own
race
welcome to white people everybody all
right so let's hear what the brother has
to say they always bring in you know the
family and all right so let's get it my
sister treasure is that she feels like
she's away my sister isn't white my
sister is african-american but how do
you know that did you forget about
freedom of speech this is me we're not
gonna talk about freedom of speech all
the sudden black could lurk gangs and
gang members
I don't nothing to do with them the
criminal and her folks I am a very
intelligent and non delusional
black people are gay again I'm quoting
her african-americans are disgusting and
thuggish and ugly and all these negative
things and gang don't forget that do you
feel that way about your brother I would
never want them to actually be on the
same level as african-american your
mother's how do you end up like this and
you allowed your children to believe
that he was their biological father
yes I did why because he was the only
father figure that I had fruit for my
children when oh he passed oh oh oh so
it it that it is like that okay okay all
right guys this is not epic you decided
to tell them the truth yes I wanted them
to understand that they were
african-american in fact as opposed to
thinking that well you didn't do a good
job at that did you
you see that clearly did not work out
okay only a guy
and they were really gross so of course
that producers at dr. Phil's site let's
take her to white people neighborhoods
great idea thank you
very cool and they have a Chanel I think
I'm gonna die well so my fellow occasion
people they were so how do you do fellow
Caucasians
my fellow gauges how you walking up the
strangers randomly Jesus Christ so
that's probably the reason why I'm most
likely we're fitting here the most cuz
you know I also am a Caucasian person
and this is where I belong okay we get
it you're white okay we get it
almost all black people have diabetes
all of them are fat no I have diabetes
[Applause]
okay
wait so dr. Phyllis black then oh my god
[Music]
and you can hear by the reaction in the
crowd some of them are African Americans
because I can hear the fact that it's
been real loud you hear you need some
help big time okay so she's she's
Caucasian okay she thinks she's
Caucasian why because her dad and she
was lied about that being her it's a sad
story right it's not something you make
fun of unless unless I'm interested in
doing this story because I think it's a
teachable moment and not for
sensationalistic shock value because of
some of the outrageous things that she
says so I don't think she's doing them
to get attention
I think she's doing because this is how
she actually feels and believes would
you agree
[Music]
Hey look at that everybody oh it would
speak all along
that's right looks like I'm not such a
bad person after all
Sabu we know we all know no she's not
mentally ill she's not Mexico this girl
just wants to be like the catch me up
bad girl she wants to be like Tracey
buyer tu she wants to be like all these
kids who dr. Phil makes a mistake good
shit well well well you know what I'm
not complaining they're more dumb kids
that matter I see it's entertaining
regardless thank you very cool and what
is really hmm
Who am I to say that she is an
occultation the caucasian group of which
I'm a member you are not welcome this is
so weird you have dr. Phil saying to
african-american what is happening okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video
smack what do you guys think is she
Caucasian or not leave a comment down
below and remember to subscribe
hopefully t-series hasn't beat me yet
we're trying to beat t-series to sixty
nine million subscribers if we can make
that happen
that would be an epic gamer moment thank
you guys for watching this video and I
see you guys tomorrow
[Music]